ch3 research probs 2-3

2.) Most personal and office productivity applications, such  as word 
processors, are marketed internationally. to minimize development costs, 
software producers develop a single version of the program, but have separate 
configurations for items like menus and error messages that vary from language 
to language. investigat4e a commonly used development environment for 
application tools such as microsft visual studio (www.microsoft.com). what 
tools and techniques (for example, unicode data types and string tables) are 
supported for developing multilingual programs?

3.) Object-oriented programming has been adopted widely due to its inherent 
ability to reuse code. Most application development software provides class 
libraries and extensive support for complex data structures, including various 
types of linked lists. Investigate one of these libraries, such as Microsoft 
Foundation Classes (www.microsoft.com) or the Java 2 Platform (java.sun.com) 
application program interface (API). what data structures are supported by they 
library? what types of data are recommended for use with each data structure 
object? which classes contain which data structures, and what methods does the 
library provide?

ch4 p165 Research Problems 1-3

1.) Investigate the instruction set and architectural features of a modern RISC 
processor such as the Sun UltraSparc (www.sun.com), Apple/Motorola G5 
(www.apple.com/g5processor/), or IBM POWER5 (www.chips.ibm.com). In what ways 
does it differ from the architecture of the Intel Pentium and Itanium processor 
families? Which Processor(s) employ advanced techniques such as pipelining, 
speculative execution, and multiprocessing

2.) AMD (www.amd.com) produces microprocessors that execute CPU instructions 
designed for the Intel Pentium processor family. Investigate their current 
product offerings. Do they offer true Pentium Compatibility? Is their 
performance comparable to that of Intel processors?

3.) Until recently, microprocessor transistor interconnections were 
implementted with aluminum. Some manufacturers are now implementing transistor 
interconnections with copper using a process developped by IBM (www.ibm.com).  
Investigate the advantages of chips fabricated with copper. Will coper extend 
the lifetime of semi-conductor microprocessor technology? Why or why not?
