ch6 p254 Review Question 9, 12, 13

9. What is a buffer? Why might one be used?

12. Describe how scaling up differs from scaling out. Given the speed 
difference between a typical system bus and a typical high speed network, is it 
reasonable to assume that both approaches can yield similar increases in total 
computational power.

13. What is a multicore processor? what are it's advantages compared to 
multi-cpu architecture? why have multicore processors only recently become 
available?

Pick 1 of Ch6 research problems (pg 258) and pick 1 of Ch7 research problems 
(pg 300)

ch6
1. Investigate the implementation of modern PC buses such as the Peripheral 
Component Interconnect (PCI) bus. How wide are the data and address buses? what 
is the clock rate? what is the maximum data transfer rate? what is the set of 
commands and command responses? how is peer-to-peer capability implemented?  
what is the bus arbitration strategy?

2. Fibre Channel is a relatively recent bus standard for high-speed connection 
to storage devices. it is current used to implement high speed storage arrays 
where storage devices are separated by large distances.
it can also enable multiple computer system to share access to a single storage 
device or array. investigate teh implementation details of the fibre channel 
standard. what are its strengths and weaknesses as compared to the ultra640 and 
serial-attached scsi? which would be used in a typical lan environment? which 
would be used in a distributed transaction-processing environment?

3. Most IBM-compatible PCs use secondary storage devices based on one of the 
IDE/ATA standards. investigate those standards and compare them to lower cost 
scsi standards such as scsi-3. which standard is the best choice for an average 
home or office workstation? which standard is the best choice for high-end 
workstations such as those used by engineers and music producers? which 
standard is the best choice for a pc-based server used to share files and 
databases on an office network.
